[TW-1195] Doc APIB deprecation upgrade to V10 (#4888)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/creating-an-api.md

> Postman supports OpenAPI (versions 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, and 3.1), RAML (0.8 and 1.0), protobuf (protocol buffer) (2.0 and 3.0), GraphQL, or WSDL (1.0 and 2.0) definitions. OpenAPI definitions can be JSON or YAML. RAML definitions must be YAML. Protobuf definitions are `.proto` files. GraphQL definitions can be JSON or GraphQL SDL. WSDL definitions must be XML.

## Upgrading an API

> > **Postman recommends upgrading your APIs to the latest format.** The Postman v9 API format has been deprecated. To continue working with your APIs, upgrade your APIs to the v10 format. In the future, all APIs will be automatically upgraded to v10.

Reviewer: I might be misunderstanding how the feature works, but it sounds like all APIs going forward will be in v10 format. If my understanding is correct, should we refrain from using the term "upgraded" in the last sentence? I'm suggesting this because I'm thinking that all APIs will be in v10 format, and no upgrade will occur.

Author: @MatthewPinsker-postman Thanks, I can see how that wasn't clear. What the note is trying to state is that if you have v9 APIs, they will get automatically upgraded to v10 at some point in the future. I updated the note--can you re-review and let me know if this is better?

Reviewer: Thanks @mark-anthony-postman ! Looks good!

> > **Postman recommends upgrading your APIs to the latest format.** The Postman v9 API format has been deprecated. If you have APIs that are in the previous v9 format, you can upgrade them to the new v10 format. After upgrading, you can continue working with your APIs in Postman. In the future, all APIs that are still in v9 format will be automatically upgraded to v10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Postman recommends upgrading your APIs to the latest format.** The Postman v9 API format has been deprecated. If you have v9 APIs, you can upgrade them to the v10 format. After upgrading, you can continue working with your APIs in Postman. In the future, all APIs that are still in v9 format will be automatically upgraded to v10.
```

Author: Nice, much simpler! 😀

>
> The Postman API v9 endpoints have also been deprecated. Any workflows that use the v9 endpoints will no longer work with an API that's been upgraded to the v10 format. Instead, use the [new Postman API v10 endpoints](/docs/developer/postman-api/intro-api/#about-v9-and-v10-apis) for your workflows.

> Postman v10 can display APIs created in prior versions of Postman. To work with the API in Postman v10, you need to upgrade the API to the new v10 format. You'll be prompted to upgrade the API when you make changes to it, for example, adding a collection, adding a definition, or connecting to a Git repository. Select **Upgrade this API** to complete the upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Postman v10 can display APIs created in prior versions of Postman. To work with the API in Postman v10, you need to upgrade the API to the new v10 format. You'll be prompted to upgrade the API when you make changes to it, for example, add a collection, add a definition, or connect to a Git repository. To complete this task, select **Upgrade this API**.
```
